1. How did we get to a single vector of activations in the CNNs used for MNIST in previous chapters? Why isn't that suitable for Imagenette?
We used a number of consecutive stride 2 convolutions until we got down to a single pixel. We have too many input
pixels in imagenette so we would need a very deep network and then our resulting network would only be able to support
images of the same dimensions as our training data, which is not what we want.

2. What do we do for Imagenette instead?
We have an average pooling layer near the end of the network which averages all of the activations into a single
activation per image

3. What is "adaptive pooling"?
Adaptive pooling means the size of window over which the pooling occurs is dynamic. In practice this usually means we
average all of the values in the matrix down to one value

4. What is "average pooling"?
In average pooling we take the average of some area, often the whole matrix. Similar to max pooling

5. Why do we need Flatten after an adaptive average pooling layer?
This removes the unit axis after the adaptive average pooling

6. What is a "skip connection"?
Essentially the model has a trainable parameter that can turn a convolution layer (or two convolution layers) on or
off. This allows us to skip a CNN completely if SGD determines its not useful

7. Why do skip connections allow us to train deeper models?
Because the network can essentially bypass the deeper layers if they are not useful. So theoretically any new layer we
add will only be used if its useful. With previous CNNs we had no choice but to have the next layer in the network
modify the previous layers activations, even if it had nothing good to add, now we can skip over those layers unless
they help in reducing the loss

8. What does <<resnet_depth>> show? How did that lead to the idea of skip connections?
It shows that in this case a deeper network actually performs worse than a shallower network. This leads to the idea
that we should only use a layer of the network if its beneficial and skip any layer that makes our loss worse.

9. What is "identity mapping"?
The idea is that the convolutional layers which are added to the skip value can learn that it should go to zero which
would cause only the skip value to be used. This means this whole thing would be equivalent to the identity function

10. What is the basic equation for a ResNet block (ignoring batchnorm and ReLU layers)?
x + conv2(conv1(x))

11. What do ResNets have to do with residuals?
If we define "residual" as prediction minus target then we can say that these networks are predicting the residual.
That is if y is the target than y = x + something means that y - x = something, which is the definition of the residual
we just mentioned. And in question 10 we can see that something is conv2(conv1(x))

12. How do we deal with the skip connection when there is a stride-2 convolution? How about when the number of filters changes?
We change the shape of the input x to match the resulting size after the convolutions. We can do this using an average
pooling layer for example

13. How can we express a 1×1 convolution in terms of a vector dot product?
```
  for h in range(height):
    for w in range(width):
      for f in range(num_filters):
        output[h, w, f] = np.dot(input[h, w], filters[f].reshape(-1))
```

14. Create a 1x1 convolution with F.conv2d or nn.Conv2d and apply it to an image. What happens to the shape of the image?
The shape of the image stays the same but all of the channels are collapsed.

15. What does the noop function return?
It returns the input unchanged, noop is short for no operation

16. Explain what is shown in <<resnet_surface>>.
This is a map of the loss function, it shows that adding skip layers makes the loss function much smoother.

17. When is top-5 accuracy a better metric than top-1 accuracy?
Top 5 accuracy means that our prediction is one of the top 5 labels for the image. There may be many labels for an
image as there might be multiple items in the image, or multiple names for the same item, etc.

18. What is the "stem" of a CNN?
The first layers of the network, often it has a different structure than the rest of the network

19. Why do we use plain convolutions in the CNN stem, instead of ResNet blocks?
Because the vast majority of computation beings in the early layers, they should be as fast and as simple as possible.

20. How does a bottleneck block differ from a plain ResNet block?
It has 3 layers, the first and last are 1x1 convolutions, the second is a 3x3 convolution. It collapses the number of
channels then expands them again. In the process we add a number of filters which we can execute in the same amount of
time as our old resnet block.

21. Why is a bottleneck block faster?
Because usually we have 3 or more channels and so performing 3x3 convolutions on all those channels is much slower than
collapsing all of the channels down first, then performing the convolutions, then expanding them again.

22. How do fully convolutional nets (and nets with adaptive pooling in general) allow for progressive resizing?
Because there are no fully connected layers they are able to operate on images of any size. Additionally adaptive
pooling layers can resize it's input to fit the network allowing us to pass in images of any size


