1. How could multi-label classification improve the usability of the bear classifier?
If the image we're predicting is not of a bear or is a new type of bear it could tell us that it isn't any of the bears. Currently the classifier will pick one no matter what.

2. How do we encode the dependent variable in a multi-label classification problem?
Using one hot encoding 

3. How do you access the rows and columns of a DataFrame as if it was a matrix?
By using the iloc() function. Example:
```
df = pd.read_csv(path/'train.csv')
df.head
```
fname	labels	is_valid
0	000005.jpg	chair	True
1	000007.jpg	car	True
2	000009.jpg	horse person	True
3	000012.jpg	car	False
4	000016.jpg	bicycle	True

```
df.iloc[2,1]
```
'horse person'

4. How do you get a column by name from a DataFrame?
You can index it by key where the key is a string of the column name
```
df['labels']
```

5. What is the difference between a Dataset and DataLoader?
A dataset is a collection which contains tuples of the independent and dependent variable grouped together.
A dataloader is an interator that returns minibatches, it takes your data and breaks it up into batches. Dataloaders contain 1 or more datasets. 

6. What does a Datasets object normally contain?
It contains 2 dataset objects. One for training data and the other for validation data. If you pass in a dataframe it will split it up for you.

7. What does a DataLoaders object normally contain?
It contains 2 dataloader objects. One for training data and the other for validation data.

8. What does lambda do in Python?
It defines an anonymous or unnamed function

9. What are the methods to customize how the independent and dependent variables are created with the data block API?
get_x and get_y, get_x returns the independent variable and get_y returns the dependent variable

10. Why is softmax not an appropriate output activation function when using a one hot encoded target?
Softmax will choose one of the options since all options must sum to 1 and the highest scoring option will exaturate its likelihood since its run through exp. We might not want to choose any option if none of them are a good match.

11. Why is nll_loss not an appropriate loss function when using a one-hot-encoded target?
nll_loss only returns one label per item, we may have multiple labels per item

12. What is the difference between nn.BCELoss and nn.BCEWithLogitsLoss?
The second function is the same as the first except it includes an initial sigmoid function

13. Why can't we use regular accuracy in a multi-label problem?
Our old accuracy function chooses the input with the highest prediction. That doesn't work because we could have more than one prediction. Instead we need to have a threshold assigned to each target class

14. When is it okay to tune a hyperparameter on the validation set?
Because the relationship is smooth between the threshold and the accuracy when we modify the threshold hyperparameter

15. How is y_range implemented in fastai? (See if you can implement it yourself and test it without peeking!)
sigmoid(x) * (high - lo) + lo

16. What is a regression problem? What loss function should you use for such a problem?
A regression problem is when we are mapping somewhere in a range of continuous values instead of choosing a specific item in a set of items.

17. What do you need to do to make sure the fastai library applies the same data augmentation to your input images and your target point coordinates?
We need to make sure that the second argument passed to the blocks parameter is a PointBlock, then Fast AI will do the synchronized augementation to both automatically.